ReDi-School - JavaScript - Basic Frontend - Fall 2023 - Final Project

                    ---- Check if it´s a vetch! ----
                  ---- App for Companion Planting ----

# Intro

This project was developed in December 2023 as the final project of the Course
JavaScript by Redi-School. 
It is a "remake" of my prevous project "It´s a vetch!" that was written in python.


# The Challenge

At my garden in early spring I was asking myself how to put diffenrent vegetables 
togehter.
There is this permaculture theorie that plants, in this case vegetables,
benefit each other by keep pests at bay, attract beneficial insects and help 
pollinate by atracting bumblebees and bees.
For example: Onions like carrots but doesn´t like peas.
             Peas like carrots but doesn´t like onions.
             Carrots like Onions and Peas.
             So arrangement should be with carrots in the middle.

It took me a while to sort out how to arrange 7 or 8 different vegetables 
by internet search. So I decided to write a program for it.

# The Code

The code is writen in HTML, CSS and Javascript. I used VSCode and Vercel for Deploiment.
The data-base was generated by web-scraping with Beautiful Soup at my previous project "it´s a vetch!".

# Execute

Use following link: https://javascript-f2023-fp.vercel.app/

# To do´s for improving the code and resumee 
 
Rework the HTML-page with responsive design.


# Thanks

Thanks to Redi-School and the teachers and my classmates!

### Coding is fun ###